So far we have been talking about feature detector as we have been talking about feature emacs and we
have been talking about maximum pooling.
And there's one last stop we have to consider as far as convolutional.
Now all networks are concerned.
So we have the pool feature map that was the last stop.
This is what we have been discussing in the previous lecture that we have to calculate the maximum values
out all the feature mapped values.
Okay.
And after that we have to apply the flattening operation.
What is it mean.
We are going to flatten the given matrix basically as we can see on a row by row basis 2 to 1 2 to 1
then the next row 1 is 3 0 1 3 0.
Then the next below 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 you may pose the question that we have to do so because we would like
to make sure that these values are going to be the input values for a densely connected artificial in
our role and that of her with the soft Max activation function.
So basically we just use feature detector feature maps maximum pooling and flattening in order to end
up with a one dimensional vector that's going to be the boot of a simple in our own network.
And you may pose the question that why is it good.
Because after using the Carneal detector after using maximum BORLING this one dimensional vector is
going to store the most relevant features.
It is not going to store the unnecessary noise it stores the most important values and basically why
to use immortally are now on a network because we want to make sure to learn the nonlinear combinations
of these important features.
So OK we come to the conclusion that what are the most relevant features for a cat for example the shape
of the ears the shape of the mouth the cat eyes and so one.
But now we would like to combine them in order to end up with the good classification algorithm.
So our classifier is going to work something like this.
It is going to consider for example this image and it will come to the conclusion that OK it is very
very similar to the cat ear and the eyes are very very similar to cats and the mouth is very very similar
to cats mouth.
Saudi jaggery them will come to the conclusion that with high probability it is a cat.
So it is going to combine the most relevant features in order to make the prediction.
So this is why we have to use an artificial neural network with the most relevant feature of values
as the input in order to learn the non-linear combinations of these important features.
This is why convolutional now all networks are working extremely fine.
OK so we use gradient descent or back propagation as usual as far as the training is concerned.
So basically we keep updating educates according to the error and if we choose the right filter.
So it's very very important that first we have the image we are going to use several Caml detectors
and that's why we will have several feature maps.
OK then we are going to use the really activation function then we are going to use maximum pooling
then we are going to use flattening then we are going to use a densely connected now run network and
then we calculate the error term because it is a supervised learning algorithm.
We know the actual value from the data set we calculate the output from the our own network and of course
the difference between the two of them is the error term if the error or term is big then we have to
train in our network with gradient descent.
So we have to change the educates and we have to change the filters accordingly.
This is what we have been discussing in one of the previous lectures that there are lots of lots of
feature detectors sharpened cannel edge detection Cannell nor Carnel.
So the algorithm is going to choose the best one possible.
It will come to the conclusion that this edge detection Cannell can detect the most relevant features.
So we are not going to use sharpened cannel we are not going to use blur kernel because the edge detection
kernel is the best possible.
So this is exactly what's going to happen during the training procedure.
We are feeding the network with label images and if we come to the conclusion that there some error
then we are going to change the educate and we are going to use another filter another feature detector.
That's the big picture for convolution Well now we're all networks.
Thanks for watching.